Document ASP.NET Core breaking changes in .NET 11 (#37228)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/breaking-changes/11/openapi-multiple-produces-per-status.md

For example, with the following minimal API endpoint:

```csharp
app.MapGet("/items/{id}", (int id) => /* ... */)
    .Produces<Product>(200)
    .Produces<Customer>(200, "text/xml");
```

The generated OpenAPI document contained only the `Customer` variant for status `200`; the `Product` variant was silently dropped.

The same overwrite behavior applied to controllers:

```csharp
[ProducesResponseType(typeof(Foo), 200, "application/json")]
[ProducesResponseType(typeof(Bar), 200, "text/xml")]
public IActionResult Get() => /* ... */;
```

Only the `Bar` / `text/xml` variant survived in the OpenAPI document.

## New behavior

Starting in ASP.NET Core 11, all declared response types for the same status code are preserved and emitted to the generated OpenAPI document. For the minimal API example above, the `responses["200"]` entry now contains both the `application/json` schema (for `Product`) and the `text/xml` schema (for `Customer`). For the controller example, both the `application/json` schema (for `Foo`) and the `text/xml` schema (for `Bar`) are emitted.

> When multiple declarations share the same status code *and* the same content type but declare different types, the OpenAPI document represents the response schema as a union of the declared types.

Reviewer: I think original text is fine, but we can explicitly document that we are using `anyOf` here instead of overloaded term "union" (Some may think we are doing discriminated unions with $type here?)
```suggestion
When multiple declarations share the same status code *and* the same content type but declare different types, the OpenAPI document represents the response schema as an `anyOf` composite of the declared types (a value valid against at least one of them satisfies the schema).
```
